#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --pre requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
flask[async]==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   opengeodeweb-back
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-background==9.4.0
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-common==33.9.0
    # via
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-conversion
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-conversion==6.4.0
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-explicit==6.3.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-implicit==4.1.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-numerics==6.3.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-simplex==9.6.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-viewables==3.2.0
    # via opengeodeweb-back
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   werkzeug
opengeode-core==15.24.1
    # via
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-common
    #   geode-conversion
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciences
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeode-inspector
    #   opengeode-io
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciences==9.2.1
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciencesio==5.7.1
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-inspector==6.7.0
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-io==7.3.1
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeodeweb-back==5.*,>=5.9.0rc2
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   opengeodeweb-back
